[MI-3708]: Added the test cases for attachment sync for MS Teams sync plugin. (#12)
Brightscout/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/plugins/ms-teams-sync/attachments-sync/Multiple_attachments.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Send multiple attachments"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: attachments-sync
authors: "@arush-vashishtha"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

> 1. Upload multiple attachments in linked channel or DM/GM in MM.

Reviewer: Make these steps consistent for every test case, please refer the steps in the above test case

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Send multiple attachments"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: attachments-sync
authors: "@AayushChaudhary0001"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

> 1. Click on the attachments buttons in channel or DM/GM in MM.
> 2. Select multiple attachments and click on open.
> 3. Click on the send button in the MM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Upload and send multiple attachments in the linked channel or DM/GM in MM.
```

Reviewer 2: update everywhere, if changing

4. Navigate to the linked channel or DM/GM in MS teams.

**Step 2**
1. Click on the attachments buttons in channel or DM/GM in MS teams.
2. Select multiple attachments and click on open.

> 3. Click on the send button in the MS teams.

Reviewer 2: same

4. Navigate to the linked channel or DM/GM in MM.

**Expected**

> The user should be able to view in MS teams all the attachments sent from MM. After step 2, the user should be able to view in MM all the attachments sent from MS teams.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The user should be able to view all the attachments in MS Teams sent from MM. After step 2, the user should be able to view all the attachments sent from MS Teams in MM.
```

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Send multiple attachments"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: attachments-sync
authors: "@arush-vashishtha"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

> 1. Upload and send multiple attachments in linked channel or DM/GM on MM.

Author: We have a specific case for the large files, so to add allowed size in every case might be unnecessary and for the special case we have added the scenario separately.

2. Navigate to the linked channel or DM/GM in MS Teams.

**Step 2**

1. Upload and send multiple attachments of allowed size in the linked channel or DM/GM on MS Teams.
2. Navigate to the linked channel or DM/GM in MM.

**Step 3**

> 1. Upload and send multiple attachments of allowed and not allowed sizes in the linked channel or DM/GM on MS Teams.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Upload and send multiple attachments of sizes smaller and larger than the allowed size in the linked channel or DM/GM on MS Teams.
```
